# **Mazingira React-Flask App**


### **By Marion Mwanje**

## **Description of my code**

## **Table of Content**

---

- Descripion
- Installation Requirement
- Technology Used
- License
- Authors Info

# **Description**
Welcome to Mazingira, an organization dedicated to tackling environmental degradation and promoting sustainability. At Ma, we are committed to addressing the critical issues affecting our planet's health. Our mission is to inspire positive environmental change and encourage collective action to preserve our planet for future generations. Through our initiatives and partnerships, we strive to foster a culture of environmental stewardship and raise awareness about the pressing need for sustainable practices worldwide.
# **Problem**
Environmental degradation is the disintegration of the earth or deterioration of the environment through the consumption of assets, for example, air, water and soil; the destruction of environments and the eradication of wildlife. It is characterized as any change or aggravation to nature’s turf seen to be pernicious or undesirable. This process leads to the endangerment of the human race, however, there are limited resources to help combat this at this time.
# **Solution**
One of the ways the organization is looking to raise funds is by encouraging repeat donations. The goal would be to create a platform that allows users to donate to organizations such as this one regularly, to enable the organization to meet their goals. They are looking to create a product that automates the donation process by allowing donors to set up regular donations e.g monthly donations of stipulated amounts.
# **Installation Requirement**
- A computer, Ipad, phone or tablet
- A stable Internet connection
- A Github account
- Vscode

# **Technology Used**
- Python 
- Flask
- Github
- Class methods
- Object relationship methods  
- PostgreSQL
- React
- Render 
- Github Actions

---

# **License**

### Boost Software License

Copyright(c)[2019][Marion Mwanje]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subjesct to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

# **Authors Info**

### Slack Profile - Marion Mwanje

### LinkedInn - Marion Mwanje

